README.md, before:

# Revision Notes #
Contributors: helen  
Requires at least: 4.4  
License: GPLv2 or later  
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html  
Stable tag: trunk  

Add a note explaining the changes you're about to save. It's like commit messages, except for your WordPress content.

## Description ##

Enter a message describing the changes you are about to save in the Publish box, to be displayed around the admin. This is especially helpful amongst groups of editors, but can also be useful for your future self.

**Important note:** This plugin requires WordPress 4.4 for full functionality. Versions below 4.4 will be able to enter and save revision notes, but will only display the latest note in the All Posts list.

### Contributing ###

Pull requests and issues on [GitHub](https://github.com/helenhousandi/revision-notes) welcome.

## Installation ##

Revision Notes is most easily installed automatically via the Plugins tab in your dashboard.

## Frequently Asked Questions ##

### Where are all the settings? ###

Revision Notes is meant to be a plugin that "just works" when activated, and does not currently have plans to be complex enough to warrant any settings of its own.

## Screenshots ##

1. Revision note field in the publish metabox
2. Note displayed in the revisions metabox
3. Note displayed on the revisions comparison screen
4. Note displayed in the posts list table

## Changelog ##

### 1.1 ###
Thanks to Kenshino for the following:
* Initialize the plugin after the point custom post types are registered.
* Set a translations directory per plugin standard.

### 1.0 ###
* Initial release

Commit message:

New screenshot, readme contents, and bumps

README.md, after:

# Revision Notes #
Contributors: helen  
Requires at least: 4.7  
License: GPLv2 or later  
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html  
Stable tag: 2.0  

Add a note explaining the changes you're about to save. It's like commit messages, except for your WordPress content.

## Description ##

Enter a message describing the changes you are about to save in the Publish box, to be displayed around the admin. This is especially helpful amongst groups of editors, but can also be useful for your future self.

**Important note:** This plugin requires WordPress 4.4 for full functionality. Versions below 4.4 will be able to enter and save revision notes, but will only display the latest note in the All Posts list.

### Contributing ###

Pull requests and issues on [GitHub](https://github.com/helenhousandi/revision-notes) welcome.

## Installation ##

Revision Notes is most easily installed automatically via the Plugins tab in your dashboard.

## Frequently Asked Questions ##

### Where are all the settings? ###

Revision Notes is meant to be a plugin that "just works" when activated, and does not currently have plans to be complex enough to warrant any settings of its own.

## Screenshots ##

### 1. Revision note field in the block editor sidebar

![Screenshot of block editor](.wordpress-org/screenshot-1.png)

### 2. Revision note field in the classic editor publish metabox

![Screenshot of classic editor](.wordpress-org/screenshot-2.png)

### 3. Note displayed in the revisions metabox

![Screenshot of revisions metabox](.wordpress-org/screenshot-3.png)

### 4. Note displayed on the revisions comparison screen

![Screenshot of revisions screen](.wordpress-org/screenshot-4.png)

### 5. Note displayed in the posts list table

![Screenshot of posts list](.wordpress-org/screenshot-5.png)

## Changelog ##

### 2.0 ###
* Block editor support (with thanks to theMikeD, TimothyBJacobs, and johnwatkins0)

### 1.1 ###
Thanks to Kenshino for the following:
* Initialize the plugin after the point custom post types are registered.
* Set a translations directory per plugin standard.

### 1.0 ###
* Initial release
